exercise deduplication (#57)
carpentries/lesson-development-training: episodes/19-wrap-up2.md

from those trial runs, and to discuss what impact that will have on the next stages
of their lesson development.

> Please provide another round of feedback and spend sometime reflecting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please provide another round of feedback and spend some time reflecting.
```
